So, guys, going forward, let us see the same problem due to another reason.
So let's say machine is software is upgraded such that it introduces a new member and the structure.
So here, let us say that the software that is running on the machine A has been upgraded.
That is a new member.
Our new data structures are new fields have been introduced.
And the message that was being generated by the machine A SO to simulate the software upgradation on
machine A, let us add two additional members in the structure text message.
Right.
So this is equivalent to like the lottery is being manufactured by some company, let's say the company
name is Cisco and Cisco Engineers, or the Cisco company has invented some new technology as a result
of which they need to upgrade their software.
So software upgradation means that certain data structures or functionality of the software is enhanced.
So let us add two additional fields in the existing structure.
Text message, which is simulating like software has been upgraded on a.
Whereas the B and C are manufactured by some other companies, let's say Juniper or Brocade.
And the Protocol B, which they are running, is still the same, that is they have not upgraded their
software and they are running the older version of software.
Now, the older format of the message, that is when the software running on the machine was not upgraded,
then the message slipped out of a structure.
Text message was something like this.
Right.
And when the software is upgraded on the machine, a so let's call that particular message as a dot
one.
And you can see that two additional fields have been inserted in the message, so the message lay out
that is generated by the machine when placed on the wire, looks like this.
Right.
So you can see that the two additional fields are actually Mac addresses of the interfaces.
And Mac addresses are six byte fields.
So so to six bye, it feels that is Mac addresses have been added to the message X message and now the
machine generates a message, a not one instead of message A.
Right.
So the machine is generating the masses, not one, whereas Machine B and C still generates the older
version of the message because the software on machine B and C have not been upgraded.
Right.
So what will happen when the machine B and C receives the new message that is generated by the machine?
E will be able to pass the message and read the content of the message.
The answer is no.
So Machine B and C when receives the new message A one generated by the machine E, they will try to
read the message according to their own definition of text message.
And what is their own definition?
The definition is this one that is Machine B and C are not even aware that the message has to be that
the message has two additional fields now.
So they will typecast the message into text message format and they will try to read it right.
So they will end up in reading the garbage.
That is, they will end up in reading the message and the wrong way.
And this is called data corruption on machine B and C.
So what will happen, the protocol functionality will fail between machine A and machine B and C.
Right.
So remember, networking routing protocols needs to work by exchanging messages, and when exchange
of the messages between the machines deployed in the network fails, then the entire routing protocol
fails.
So you can see there are so many problems.
The window manufacturer has invented new patented technology, but he cannot upgrade his software with
the new technology because other machines in the network won't work with his new version of software.
So competitors will be happy.
Right.
And this is a very funny thing that you are able to invent a new technology and you are in a position
to capture more business and more market.
But this problem is not allowing you to upgrade your software.
So this is really something very funny and it should really not happen.
So networking is a field where various network equipment's being manufactured by various vendors need
to work in complete cooperation and harmony with each other for the network protocol to work.
So machines need to comply with each other for the network functionality to work correctly.
Yet at the same time, network vendors should be free to innovate, upgrade and update their software
without breaking the existing compliance with the other machines deployed in the network.
So the concept of pelvis solves these problems very easily.
So let's discuss the deal with now.